Raven:
Raven's Home was filmed
in front of a live
studio audience.
(girls laughing)
‐Oh my‐‐
‐(both giggling)
Nia:
Wait, wait, wait!
No, no.
But have you seen
the one where the cat
snaps its goggles?
(phone pings)
Right?
"Me‐ow! My face."
Meow‐about
you guys go outside?
This is way more fun.
We're sending
each other memes.
Memes? Oh, is that
what it's called?
I've been calling them
"me‐mes" this whole time.
(phone dings)
Okay guys,
this is ridiculous.
Honestly, you're on
your phones way too much.
It's a beautiful day.
Go outside.
Go to the park.
Go see some art.
Live your life.
Why leave the couch
when we can see everything
from the couch?
‐We can see Big Ben.
‐Right.
‐We can see the Eiffel Tower.
‐Yeah.
We can even see cats, yeah.
Dressed in pretty much
everything.
‐I don't even know who would
find that interesting.
‐Yeah.
Oh, okay.
(phone pings)
(laughing)
What? (laughing)
(giggling)
Oh, it's a cat
in a pirate hat!
That's so cute.
A pirate hat!
"Me‐argh!"
I was thinking of ways
to zhoosh up our music videos.
How do you feel
about slow‐mo?
Eh, I'm more of
a regular‐mo kinda guy,
but let me check it out.
I think it would work great
with that new slow track
you've been working on.
(romantic music playing)
Whoa‐mo.
‐Hey.
‐Hey, new neighbor!
Hello, my future wife.
♪ Ohhhh ♪
‐♪ Hey ♪
‐♪ Yo ♪
♪ Let me tell you somethin' ♪
♪ Had my vision
all worked out ♪
‐♪ But then life
had other plans ♪
‐♪ Tell 'em, Rae ♪
♪ It's crazy when things
turn upside down ♪
♪ But ya gotta get up
and take that chance ♪
‐♪ Maybe I'm
just finding my way ♪
‐♪ Learning how to fly ♪
‐♪ Yeah, we're gonna be okay ♪
‐♪ Ya know I got you, right? ♪
♪ It might be wild, but ya
know that we make it work ♪
♪ We're just kids
caught up in a crazy world ♪
‐♪ C'mon! ♪
‐♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
‐♪ We get loud! ♪
♪ It's our crowd! ♪
♪ Might be tough,
but together
we make it look good ♪
♪ Down for each other
like family should ♪
♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
‐♪ When it's tough ♪
‐♪ It's Raven's Home ♪
♪ We got love ♪
♪ 'Cause no matter the weather,
ya know we gon' shine ♪
♪ There for each other,
ya know it's our time ♪
(Raven laughing)
Yep! That's us.
(laughing)
Levi, look, it's her!
Maybe her locker
will be next to yours.
Levi, life isn't that kind.
I think that's me.
(chuckling) Oh!
Oh, okay. Bup, bup, bup.
Thank you, life!
Hey! You guys live
in my building, right?
I'm Danni.
(nervously):
Uh, yeah! I'm Booker.
And‐and this is Levi.
Is that a Lil Z shirt?
He's my favorite rapper.
Mine, too.
Yo! I love your kicks.
They're just like
Steph Curry's.
You like basketball, too?
I'm from San Francisco.
I grew up idolizing him.
My peeps are from S. F.
Oh, 415 represent!
‐(giggling nervously)
‐Hey!
Do you have a Peanut Page?
Yeah, yeah. I do.
Search under Baxter‐Carter.
Oh! Your pic is fresh.
I just friended you.
Oh!
Are all these
dancing videos of you?
Yep. It me.
(dance music playing)
Booker/Levi:
Whoooaaa.
Dance is definitely my passion.
(giggles nervously)
Uh...
Flarf.
(bell rings)
Oh!
It was flarf to meet you!
(giggles nervously)
What just happened?
You (imitates giggle) froze.
That girl is funny,
she knows good music,
loves basketball,
and she's a dancing goddess.
If I want her to like me,
I've gotta step up my game.
We've bigger problems.
We're late for class,
and she closed her locker
on your jacket.
‐Okay, hold up.
‐Okay. One...
‐Imma pull. One, two, three.
‐...two, three.
(both grunt)
♪ ♪
‐Hey, Mom.
‐Hey, sweetheart.
Have you seen my phone?
I couldn't find it before
I left for school this morning.
And I felt so lost without it.
Yeah. Yeah, Nia,
I found it.
I pried it out of
your sleeping hands
this morning.
There's nothing like
the warm glow of a screen
as you doze off.
You were literally
on your phone while
you were sleeping.
You followed ten people
in your sleep.
It's too much.
I am cutting you off.
Wait, wait.
Mom, you can't do that.
Oh? Oh? I can't?
I can't? Well, guess what?
I did.
Mom, you and Aunt Chelsea
are on your phones
‐just as much as we are.
‐False.
‐Chelsea: Oh hey, Rae!
I just got your text
about chaperoning the dance.
And I'm texting you
back right... now!
(phone dings)
No, see. Listen.
No, no. This is different.
This is, um, this‐‐
we can go
without our phones
any time we want.
Oh, yeah, no,
I lose mine all the time.
It's like I don't
even have one, huh?
Where'd it go?
Oh! Come on!
I just had it.
I'll text Raven and see if‐‐
Ah! Found it!
Look, I love you, Mom,
but you wouldn't
last a day.
Is that a bet?
'Cause thems is
bettin' words, missy!
Mom, what are your terms?
How 'bout you and Tess
versus me and Chelsea?
Wait a minute, how'd I get
drafted onto this team?
Tess, you're my best friend.
Aww.
Best friends
versus best friends.
I'm gonna put the phones
in a drawer,
and first one to break
is a loser.
Then whoever wins,
(fakes cough), AKA me,
gets to use
their phones anytime
and anywhere
they want.
Oooh!
Okay. All right.
Well, when I win AKA...
when I win,
every time you
walk through that door,
you have to hand over
your phone.
‐You're on!
All right, well, how about
we sweeten this deal
and get rid of the tablets
and laptops too?
Why would you do that
and make it harder...
‐...uh, for them.
‐Yeah, for them.
How would you make it
harder for them?
Look at them!
'Cause this is...
This is easy.
This is... No sweat.
Okay, 'cause
we're not sweating.
Right, Tess?
I'm not sweating.
Are you sweating, Tess?
Actually, I did have
basketball practice,
so a little.
But I am more concerned
on how we're gonna plan
the school dance
without our devices.
Dances are older than devices.
We'll manage.
(clears throat) We're in.
What do Ms. G
and I get out of this?
The feeling
of being included!
Ooh! And‐‐
The feeling of
getting to pronounce
super‐cool Internet words
like gif.
Or is it jif?
Is it jeff? Jif?
It doesn't matter.
It's cool.
Let's do this!
Whoo! Yeah!
(dance music playing)
Are you sure this is the way
you want to impress Danni?
Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm.
Mm‐hmm. Yeah.
Positive.
Yeah, this is me,
steppin' up my game.
Now, earlier today she met
Booker Baxter‐Carter.
You know,
normal eighth grader.
But she's about to meet, ooh...
Booker B., famous singer
of the Chi‐Lective.
Yo, guys!
Hey, girl. Ha, ha!
What's good?
Well, I mean, besides the way
you're lookin' right now?
♪ ♪
I am the lead singer
of the Chi‐Lective.
I mean, maybe
you've heard of us.
We're probably going to
the Radio Eclipse Live finals.
Oh. Radio?
That's cool, that's cool,
that's nice.
Who is this guy?
I don't know,
he just showed up
a few minutes ago.
It's a good thing
you friended me
when you did.
Because my page
is about to ba‐boom!
Blow up.
You have a very healthy ego.
Oh, thanks.
I work out a ton.
If you see Booker,
tell him I said "flarf."
He'll know what that means.
Wow, that was hard to watch.
I know!
I just got so nervous.
I blew it.
Levi, I just had a vision.
Danni was smiling at me
and she had headphones on.
I think you had
something to do with it!
Here, text her.
Look, my fate
is in your hands, bruh.
But honestly,
it'll be a miracle if she
‐ever, ever, ev‐‐
‐Fixed it.
What? How?
I told her you were
auditioning for the role
of "jerk" in the school play.
She says
you're a good actor.
♪ ♪
Hey, Rae!
You know,
this no‐phones thing
is so great.
And this crossword puzzle
is easy.
Chels, I don't think
"alpha‐daj‐a‐deesus"
is a word.
Well, you just used it
in a sentence.
Chels, Chels,
I was looking for that.
I wrote my client's number
on nine down.
Ugh, man!
I knew "Game of 555‐0101"
wasn't a real TV show.
Okay, now I gotta
find a payphone.
Do you know where
the closest one is?
Off the top of my head,
an airport, police station,
2008?
Yeah, this no‐phones
thing is just a...
‐...blessing!
It's a blessing.
‐Yes.
‐It's a bless‐‐ I love it.
Tess, see?
We don't need our phones.
Right. Who needs 'em.
Not me.
I'm totally not thinking
about all the shows
that are going un‐binged!
O...kay.
Look at them, Chels.
They're crackin'.
We'll win in no time.
Stay strong, Tess.
This bet will be over soon.
I mean, just look at my mom.
Look, her lip is curling.
That is her stress face.
You're right. You're right.
So, how's it going, Mom?
Yeah.
You guys ready to break?
Wow. Wow, really?
Come on.
This? This is so easy.
Easiest thing ever.
Next to breathing,
which I've been told
I am very good at.
Yeah, see,
your Aunt Chels
and I had a life
before cell phones.
So what else you got?
No TV!
Okay, all right.
We heard from you.
What else do you have?
No electricity!
Chels!
That sounds like
a great idea.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think it's
a great idea too.
I was just waiting
for the fear in your face.
Here we go.
Look, look!
I can do this all night!
I can do this all‐‐ Oww!
I'm okay. I'm okay.
♪ ♪
Booker, it's called homework
'cause you're supposed
to do it at home.
Nah, I'm more of a home‐play
kind of guy.
Danni inspired me
to write lyrics
for that slow track
I've been working on.
These are great.
Why don't you
just text this to her?
No!
They're not good enough.
Not for that angel.
Look at them, Tess.
Tethered to their devices.
How sad.
‐Yeah. It's so sad.
‐Yeah.
What do you think our phones
are doing right now?
Nia, are you
handing out flyers?
On paper?
Are you and
the environment fighting?
Thanks to this bet with Mom,
we can't use social media
to promote the silent disco.
What's a silent disco?
It's a dance where everybody
wears headphones
and gets to listen to
the music of their choosing.
It's the "Shhhhhhhhh
and Dance!"
Yo Levi, that's it!
In my vision, Danni
was wearing headphones!
We must go to
the silent disco together!
With those headphones on,
you'll get to keep
this whole thing over text.
I'll ask her if
she wants to go with you.
She's in. With two exclams!
I'm the... love genius.
Uh, Chels, you whittle?
A "wittle."
Yeah, not having electricity
has really brought me
back to simpler times.
I'm a whittler now.
Yeah, I whittle a wittle.
Yeah, first it was a flute.
Then a whistle
and now it's
a tiny wooden stake
for a little tiny vampire.
Chels, I've known you
a long time
and even in simpler times,
you never whittled.
Well, I've known you
a long time too.
So what's going on
with you and this bet?
It's just a bet, please.
Well...
I don't know, Rae.
You don't dig your heels
in like this
unless it comes from
deep down, you know?
Come on, tell me.
Tell Chelsea
what's wrong, huh?
‐You know, as a certified‐‐
‐Life coach. Yeah, I know.
I'm just worried that while
Nia is on her phone,
her childhood
is passing her by.
I want us to value
our time together,
before she's off
traveling the world
and the only time
I hear from her
is a postcard from
the Great Wall of China
or Stonehenge.
Aww, Rae.
I think it's pronounced
Stone‐hedge.
I'm‐I'm sure it's not.
Okay, well.
Agree to disagree.
♪ ♪
(no audible music)
Thanks for inviting me.
I'm having a blast.
Though the chaperones' dabbing
is legit gonna
give me nightmares.
(phone dings)
Hey, girls.
Am I dabbing right?
Unfortunately you are.
What are we waiting for?
Let's throw on our headphones
and get out there.
Oh! Ooh!
Ooh.
I mean, you could put 'em on
but you'd lose the bet.
Tess, we planned this dance
and we didn't even think
about the fact that
we couldn't wear headphones.
Mom, honestly, we didn't think
that these counted.
Technology is technology.
(phone dings)
How are you texting me
if you put your phone down?
Booker, what's happening?
Have I been texting with Levi
this whole time?
Uh... No.
(phone dings)
‐Danni‐‐
‐You just lied to me.
‐I know but I can explain.
‐I don't wanna hear it.
And thanks to these headphones,
I don't have to.
♪ ♪
Levi! Danni knows everything.
I blew it.
What are we gonna do now?
You are gonna reach out to her
and be yourself.
No Booker B. No flarfs.
No texts from me.
Just Booker.
But how?
Just sing those lyrics
you wrote for Danni
into the phone,
and I'll do the rest.
Do you really think it'll work?
Well, look at it this way...
it can't get any worse.
♪ ♪
We still got it, Rae!
‐Yeah, we do!
‐Yeah, we do! Yeah, we do!
But it is kinda weird
dancing with no music though.
Yeah. Yeah.
Rae, listen.
You're fighting a fight
you can't win.
You know? Remember when
we were their age?
We used to be on
the computer all the time.
Their cell phone
are their computers.
They're literally
their computers.
Yeah, but I hate
losing a good bet.
Yeah, I hate how good
I am at jazz hands
but I just can't help myself.
Tess, I need
to speak to Nia.
Could you...
could you dance with that?
Sweetheart,
why are you sitting
over here in the corner?
I'm just watching
the silent disco.
I gotta admit,
it does look pretty cool.
I just um...
wish I could be out there.
Listen, Nia, the reason
I'm so hard on you
about your phone
is because I don't want
your life to pass you by.
I don't want you
to wake up one day
and just wonder
where it all went.
You brought the phones?
Yeah, I mean, I thought you
were gonna break first but...
Wait, Mom, does this mean
that you're‐‐
Yes, this means that...
this... (grumbling)
I'm gonna lose this bet.
But it is worth it.
Because I don't want you to
miss out on your childhood.
I want you to enjoy it.
I want you to create memories.
And you can't do that just
sitting over here in a corner.
Mom, I am enjoying every minute,
and I am making new memories.
You see, here is a photo album.
Got one of me and Booker.
Me and Tess.
You and Aunt Chelsea.
And me and you.
My baby got pictures of me
in her phone?
Of course.
Mom, just because it's in here,
doesn't mean it's not in here.
Now get over here
and take a picture with me
for my album.
‐Okay.
‐Yeah.
I want to commemorate
the first time that Raven Baxter
lost a bet.
Come on, sweetheart,
let's take a selfie
because that Chelsea‐Tess
dance‐off is getting
all sorts of crazy.
What! Oh!
Danni, Danni, wait.
Please don't leave.
Uh, please lose my number.
Or should I be
saying that to Levi?
Look, I'm really,
really sorry.
Just let me explain.
Suspect.
Why should I?
Because you never
met the real me.
Hi, I'm Booker.
I, um, I live
in your building.
I go to your school.
And I was
so intimidated by you
that I acted a fool
and pretended to be
someone I wasn't.
Okay, so, who are you?
Let me show you.
Here. Put these on.
(music begins)
♪ The way you dance,
you're fancy ♪
♪ You're sassy
and you're classy ♪
♪ And I don't catch
feelings a lot ♪
♪ I shouldn't have come up
with all these plots ♪
♪ I knew you were a star
and I wouldn't get far ♪
♪ Because you
deserve the best ♪
♪ You deserve no filter ♪
♪ You deserve the best ♪
Hey, that was my vision.
Man, that dance was great.
And that song was hot.
Thanks.
I wrote it about you.
It's called, "No Filter."
And that's the truth.
Yeah, I remember
some of those moves.
Well, you know.
I did watch your videos
like two...
three... a hundred times.
It was nice to finally
meet you, Booker.
Text me. But make sure
it's actually you this time.
Aww, Rae, they remind me of you
and Devon back in the day.
It was like you were
the only two in the room.
Yeah, yeah.
Those were sweet days.
But this is just
his first crush.
Nothing serious.
Man, there goes
my ballerina wife.
Ballerina what?
♪ ♪
So, it's okay that
we took these, right?
Yeah, the AV Club
owes me, big time.
I promised to get them
all girlfriends.
I'm the... love genius.
I can't hear anything
you're saying!
Oh, so you think
you got moves, huh?
(grunting)
Oh! Oh! Oh!
All right, everyone,
I'm taking pics!
Say "family"!
One, two, three!
All:
Family!
♪ ♪